I changed the president of the bank.
Why didn't you do anything to me?
That's all because Xiao Can said hello first
The thawing of the villagers' funds was also arranged by Xiao Can
Dad, all of this
It was Xiao Can who helped us behind the scenes.
You said it was Xiao Can who was helping us.
Dad, don't trust him
If you want me to say he just wants to hug Chen Huachan's thigh
That's why I said that
Shut your mouth for me
I was so blind
I will deal with Xiao Can with you
I will never forget
Those ugly faces you did to me just now
Mom, please believe me.
Everything I say is true
I'm not cheating you of this money.
I don't want a penny after he thaws
All of this
It's all my mother and son behind my back
He also wants to provoke our relationship with Xiao Tan
Dad didn't?
Ah, yeah!
Grandpa
If it is really Chen Huacan
Say hello to the bank
Then why doesn't he cooperate directly with our Jiang family?
So that our Jiang family can
Is there a place to stay at night in Pingcheng?
That's because our Jiang family treats him too badly.
He doesn't want to cooperate with us
Dad, Xiao Can is definitely not using smoke behind his back
The one who froze our money
You want to curry favor with Chen Huacan
If you say you turn your face, you will turn your face.
Master, you must not trust him
Dad, you saw it too
After I learned about Xiao Can's identity
I've been on your side, accusing him with you
I didn't flatter him out of necessity at all
Go do that
It's all about mother and son doing bad things behind her back
To sow discord between us and Xiao Tan
I I we don't have
Enough is enough, shut up for me
I don't believe any of you.